Hello Dohashi is the one this Trump
It is used with the kind of magic that says to erase
I would like to give you an explanation of the machine and the skill
Please use it in a single shot as it is not a separate step
Well I'm a normal Kana and playing cards bought in Kurobe before the usual 100 yen shop say this
but
It's an ordinary guy not for magic
You can do it if you do n't do anything
So get in there is no auxiliary mechanism to come out
I have no name to show you the window .
Oh dear
Show it on
Never
Do not smoke
I can never sleep from here
So out up
Well this
It becomes a technique
I want to explain how
How to hold a do is I first ANYTHING in the dominant hand
When I thought this
I have a map meander Actually this is between the index finger and little finger of the child
It is here that I can impose the actual
Middle finger and ring finger
I'm going to float the bem or I will almost sandwich it here alone
It is in the state of holding
In fact, it is this way
When there is no hole time, this person c par chan middle finger and ring finger
And to this say state that stick here bent behind the scenes It is the back of the trap by saying bent inward
I will
It Well I get here is processing course
In this state this middle finger and ring finger
I will publish to the back while turning around here and here
Row of fingers that raised the way
I'm going to turn over from the back
When this happens, this time here and this place between the index finger and the middle finger, and this between the ring finger and the little finger
Slant the trap
In this way
Scissor
This time
Toka is it here when you publish why this bending
However going to do this from a little this gap at this time
It depends on the angle, but this is how Trump is
Because I can see it from the front
Because
In some cases, while shaking a little
Let's beat
Make it invisible
To do with feeling or
It is feeling to put in here
When to put out again
Since the time to appear take wild rice when you went close once this is now in goo
In a
Back straight and hell middle finger and ring finger between its from the back by pressing with the thumb
Go back to the front
It will shake if I'm through, but I'm not shaking now, but it seems to be this way
Put back from the state
When you put your finger back and put it in place, hold it with your thumb
In the middle
It becomes such a flow
This is both good
Its clean so not a magician
While also extra little shaken because a place that can not be
Whether and hide it in base Toka
Attari ThatLookLikeThis
Zing feel like throwing in the distance
There is such a way to use
To because it is one-shot arts
Well, for example, you should demote with tools etc. first when you want to add Meiji or a medical examination ticket.
Sometimes the kind of like a put out the shaft becomes a thing I mean is made or a little interesting issue
I will
This called back returns also put intently here as a collection method
This slowly
Round and round
Round
This to say
Practice
I'll do it
I am this
It is annual income but not for the previous term
I could practice for about 2 days and maybe I could
I think I can do it right away I will do it only once slowly Bending my fingers in this condition
let me in
When it comes back
Here and there
When putting it out, make it goo and hold it with your thumb and finger
Use when you are investing in
And Sutessa
I feel like this
Thank you very much